README.md, before:

# 🌲 Loggy 🌲

Loggy wraps the standard log.Logger structure with some additional fields, to standardize stdout and stderr output. Based on the "severity" of any given log, loggy redirects logs to stdout while redirecting errors to stderr. The desired logging level, or "threshold", shared between the two output streams filters the output messages. If a log or error message doesn't fall on or under the desired threshold, then that message is ignored. Messages with the "standard" severity are always displayed.

### Installation

Run `go get -u github.com/foresthoffman/loggy`

If you're using `go mod`, run `go mod vendor` afterwards.

### Importing

Import this package by including `github.com/foresthoffman/loggy` in your import block.

e.g.

```go
package main

import(
    ...
    "github.com/foresthoffman/loggy"
)
```

### Usage

```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/foresthoffman/loggy"
	"os"
	"bytes"
)

func main() {
	// - Use OS stdout/stderr
	// - Only show messages that are critical or standard.
	// - Custom prefix, prepended to each message before the timestamp.
	logger := loggy.New(os.Stdout, os.Stderr, "myPrefix", loggy.LevelCritical)
	
	// Send a standard message to stdout.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelStd, "hello!")
	
	// - Use custom stdout/stderr
	// - Only show messages that are information, warnings, critical, or standard.
	stdout := bytes.NewBuffer([]byte{})
	stderr := bytes.NewBuffer([]byte{})
	logger = loggy.New(stdout, stderr, "", loggy.LevelInfo)
	
	// Send an error message, with the tag "error", to the custom stderr buffer.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelCritical, "something went wrong!", "error")

	// Send a debug message to the custom stdout buffer. This message will be ignored
	// because of the provided threshold.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelDebug, "get the fly swatter!")
}
```

_That's all, enjoy!_

Commit message:

Update README with testing instructions

README.md, after:

# 🌲 Loggy 🌲

Loggy wraps the standard log.Logger structure with some additional fields, to standardize stdout and stderr output. Based on the "severity" of any given log, loggy redirects logs to stdout while redirecting errors to stderr. The desired logging level, or "threshold", shared between the two output streams filters the output messages. If a log or error message doesn't fall on or under the desired threshold, then that message is ignored. Messages with the "standard" severity are always displayed.

### Installation

Run `go get -u github.com/foresthoffman/loggy`

If you're using `go mod`, run `go mod vendor` afterwards.

### Importing

Import this package by including `github.com/foresthoffman/loggy` in your import block.

e.g.

```go
package main

import(
    ...
    "github.com/foresthoffman/loggy"
)
```

### Usage

```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/foresthoffman/loggy"
	"os"
	"bytes"
)

func main() {
	// - Use OS stdout/stderr
	// - Only show messages that are critical or standard.
	// - Custom prefix, prepended to each message before the timestamp.
	logger := loggy.New(os.Stdout, os.Stderr, "myPrefix", loggy.LevelCritical)
	
	// Send a standard message to stdout.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelStd, "hello!")
	
	// - Use custom stdout/stderr
	// - Only show messages that are information, warnings, critical, or standard.
	stdout := bytes.NewBuffer([]byte{})
	stderr := bytes.NewBuffer([]byte{})
	logger = loggy.New(stdout, stderr, "", loggy.LevelInfo)
	
	// Send an error message, with the tag "error", to the custom stderr buffer.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelCritical, "something went wrong!", "error")

	// Send a debug message to the custom stdout buffer. This message will be ignored
	// because of the provided threshold.
	logger.Log(loggy.LevelDebug, "get the fly swatter!")
}
```

### Testing

Run `go test -v -count=1 ./...` in the project root directory. Use the `-count=1` to force the tests to run un-cached.

_That's all, enjoy!_
